[laughs]
Greetings, goddess.
It's an honor.
[sighs]
Ah, the infamous Seven Star,
himself.
I'm Seiran Kugasaki,
the man who will bring you
crashing to your knees.
[HIROTO] Ah! Well,
you need something, or?
You usurped the throne
of a goddess,
and decency demands
satisfaction, sir!
[chuckles] Oh, yeah?
You're here to challenge me
to a game, then?
Not quite.
I'm simply here to demonstrate
how far above you I am.
If that's your idea of a joke,
you need better material.
I'll take you on under
one condition.
Shinohara?
Whoever loses the game,
forfeits the right to challenge
the Empress,
Sarasa Saionji, ever again.
[KUGASAKI]
How dare you.
My virtuous goddess is not
fodder for some asinine bet!
Don't like it?
Fight someone else.
Nobody would blame you
for chickening out.
"Chickening out," you say?
Seiran Kugasaki?
The five-star leader of the
Self-Made Holy Knight Brigade?
Hiroto Shinohara!
I hereby challenge you
to a game two days from now.
[chuckles]
Have it your way. This Sunday,
I'll teach you exactly what
level you're at, Count Dorkula.
[both growls]
[sighs]
[SARASA] Ah, good.
It is you, Shinohara.
I thought you were someone else
for a second there.
You say that, but you're the one
that looks totally different
from normal.
-Oh? Yeah?
-Yeah, like super sketchy.
[sighs]
Hey, you didn't accept that
challenge for my sake, did you?
No, of course not.
I was just trying to protect
my lie is all.
You dummy,
you don't always have to be
so brutally honest, you know?
But still, thank you.
[sighs]
Anyway! You know the situation.
For better or worse,
our lies are linked together.
Let's hurry up and get this
strategy meeting over with.
[SHIRAYUKI] Welcome home,
Master Shinohara.
And welcome to you too, Miss.
-Thank you. What the--
-What's she doing here?
Himeji, do you know
who this really is?
Yes. Quite intimately.
I used to serve
the Saionji family.
Does that mean.
Yes, I'm one of the select
few privy to Miss Rina's secret.
Ah, well. Nice to see you, Yuki.
Indeed.
I believe it's been a year
since we last met.
A year, huh? So what's up?
-Have you been good?
-I suppose.
Although I did endure a period
of psychological distress.
-Come this way, please.
-Yeah, that's right.
The real Sarasa was kidnapped
a year ago, wasn't she?
[SHIRAYUKI] This is the game
that Mister Kugasaki
has requested.
The Self-Made 27-Form Game
Essentially, you collect cards
and compete numerically.
-Compete numerically?
-[SHIRAYUKI] Yes.
The game itself is divided
into two distinct phases.
The first is
the collection phase.
Players hunt for cards numbered
zero-to-nineteen,
scattered around District Four.
Building a hand of five,
from those found.
So then, we basically just walk
around looking for cards?
No, you can use public
transportation as well.
Five cards will be placed
at random,
and then every five minutes,
the location of a new card
is unveiled.
Lemme guess, if you go to
one of the revealed locations,
your Device will collect
the corresponding card, right?
That is correct, Miss Rina.
Okay, what happens in Phase Two?
[SHIRAYUKI]
Direct confrontation.
The reveal phase.
Each player selects
one card from their hand,
and the card with
the higher number wins.
This occurs again until both
hands have been exhausted.
If I understand,
the first to claim
three points is the winner.
True, but before we move on
to strategy,
there's something
you need to know.
There've been many instances
of games with a level gap
akin to this Five Star versus
One Star match.
But there's no record
of a One Star ever winning.
[sighs]
Not even one?
But Academy Island's been
around for twenty years!
It's just like Yuki said.
[SARASA] Do you remember
'Numerical Adjustment',
Shinohara?
That ability I used
during our first game?
[HIROTO]
Yeah.
The one that reduced my turn
to one-tenth of the time-limit.
[SARASA] With it, you can mess
with numerical values in a game.
So, even though the largest
value possible is nineteen,
with Kugasaki's rank he could
increase that to thirty.
Whoa? Thirty?
It's a rather steep advantage,
hence lower-ranks can dictate
the rules to offset it.
But because of my lie,
I don't have that option.
It's bleak, indeed.
Less than a one-percent chance
of winning.
And a 100% chance I'll lose?
-But we can fix that, yeah?
-Right.
The trick to winning lies
within the collection phase.
Obstruct your
opponent's movements,
and you can buy yourself time
to build a hand that will win
even if 'Numerical Adjustment'
is used.
If he comes
into the reveal phase
having amassed a strong hand
then the game's as good
as over for you.
Kugasaki always uses
the Emergency Mobilization
ability as well.
'Emergency Mobilization'
circumvents the rule
on third-party involvement,
as those the ability summons
also count as a player.
Each of them,
permitted one ability.
And Kugasaki leads the
Self-Made Holy Knight Brigade
that's over 300 strong.
[HIROTO]
You're telling me
he can bring a legion of fanboys
into the game?
[SARASA] Well, at least you
don't have to worry about his
third ability.
[HIROTO]
And why is that exactly?
You remember that "Indigo Star"
ability that he used, don't you?
[sighs]
Yeah. That flashy move with all
the smoke and lightning.
Is that the one called
"Black Wings"?
Yeah, it must really jive
with his style,
because he's never disabled
the effect since he acquired it.
Meaning, Kugasaki's
ability selection
will likely be
Numerical Adjustment,
as well as Black Wings
and Emergency Mobilization.
So, how would you play this,
Saionji?
I'd probably rewrite my position
using 'Manipulate
Location Coordinates'.
Tell me about that one.
[SARASA]
It tricks the Device
into thinking you're
at a card's location,
letting you pick up numbers
without even moving.
[HIROTO]
That's an actual ability?
[SARASA]
You can only install it
if you're Five Stars or above,
though.
Another possible strategy would
be using the Explore ability
to look up all the card
locations right from the start.
District four's so big,
that might actually do more
to hinder than help.
So, Himeji.
Are there any One Star
abilities available
that could be useful to me
in this situation?
[SHIRAYUKI]
For this game, 'Display Bug'
might be appropriate.
I see. Make the opponent's
Device screen glitch out, huh?
For slot two, the Luck ability
might serve to even the odds.
The more high-value cards
appear near you,
the less work you'll have to do.
Right and numerical adjustment
in the third.
Actually, Master,
since the real battle
is the collection phase,
that might not be necessary.
True, but it never hurts
to have a backup plan.
[SHIRAYUKI]
Very well, then.
So, Numerical, Luck,
and Display Bug.
With what I can use now,
that's probably
my best strategy.
Will you tell me why
you've been avoiding her?
[SHIRAYUKI]
I haven't.
In fact Rina's the one
who's been avoiding me.
Oh, "Rina", huh?
[SHIRAYUKI] Our history
kind of trivializes formality.
For a time she was
my closest friend.
Why the distance, then?
I think Rina's trying to hide
something from me
and the Saionji family,
but I don't know what it is.
My only wish is that you do
what you can to protect her.
She's a lot more fragile
than she seems.
[sighs]
[SUZURAN]
All righty!
The collection phase of
the Self-Made twenty-seven-point
game start right meow!
[cheer]
[HIROTO] Why are these things
always so intense?
[SHIRAYUKI]
Connection established.
[HIROTO]
Cool.
Display Bug is activated.
And thanks to "Luck" ability,
the higher-numbered cards
seem to be nearby.
[SHIRAYUKI] Good. Proceed
to fourteen, it's the closest.
Once the next card appears,
we'll weigh its value
against the seventeen,
to optimize your route.
Roger that. Let's go!
You know, that seventeen
isn't exactly close by, right?
[SHIRAYUKI]
Not a problem.
I've established a
nearby bus service.
[HIROTO]
The Company to the rescue!
[sighs] It looks like Kugasaki's
already collected the five.
[SHIRAYUKI] It's possible
he simply had the good fortune
of starting near it,
but he likely knows about
the Display Bug by now.
I wonder how he'll choose
to proceed. [gasps]
Hey, what's wrong?
Well, um.
It would appear that
Mister Kugasaki just picked up
his second card.
[HIROTO]
[sighs]
That's weird, the number of
active cards
is still displaying the same
for me.
[SHIRAYUKI] Interesting,
he must have picked up one
who's number and coordinates
hadn't been revealed yet.
Wait. Does that mean he's using
the Explore ability?
[SHIRAYUKI] If he knew
the locations from the start,
then logically he can snag
unrevealed cards,
but why would he risk wasting
precious time
going after unknown values?
[gasps]
Did he ditch
Numerical Adjustment?
[KUGASAKI] Oh? You have
some game sense, after all.
Kugasaki? You can hear me?
How the heck did you get
my device ID?
[KUGASAKI] The Black Wings
ability is useful
for more than
just stage effects.
I can use it to transmit
my voice over vast distances.
[groans]
If you're just calling
to show off,
then I'm hanging up.
[KUGASAKI] Consider this
a gentleman's warning,
your playstyle
is woefully shortsighted.
[gasps]
[KUGASAKI] At this rate,
my absolute victory
is all but inevitable.
[laughs]
Tick-tock, Shinohara.
Two seconds left.
Two seconds? [sighs]
[HIROTO] The game's only been
going for five minutes, right?
Wait. Five minutes? Hang on.
Shouldn't another card
have been revealed by now?
Why isn't any new information
showing up yet?
[SHIRAYUKI]
I don't understand this.
There's been nothing to indicate
that Mister Kugasaki
picked up the ten,
so why is it showing here?
And why has
the unvalued second card
he acquired disappeared?
[gasps] No, that's not it,
not disappeared.
It's just had
its information revealed.
[SHIRAYUKI]
The second card was the ten?
[HIROTO]
Damn it!
There wasn't any new info,
because that was it!
That was the new reveal!
He's planning to look up
the card locations
to collect them
before they're even displayed.
If this keeps up,
he'll shut-down my ability
to gather cards entirely!
[SHIRAYUKI]
[gasps] But that means!
[HIROTO]
Yeah.
He's trying to get eighteen
of the twenty cards
in the collection phase
to guarantee victory.
[SHIRAYUKI]
Master, we have a problem.
The bus Kagaya's driving
isn't going to make it in time.
[sighs]
[HIROTO] Hot-rods with markings
of the Self-Made Knights
have been racing
around District Four.
The police have been called in
to stop them.
[sighs]
Gotta be Emergency Mobilization.
[SHIRAYUKI]
It's all ruined,
this completely unravels
everything I had planned.
I'm afraid we've been
outmaneuvered!
No, no way, it's not over yet!
[SHIRAYUKI] But
what are you going to do now?
[pants]
Okay.
[HIROTO] Himeji's got
every right to be worried.
Even if I take the train
to the seventeen.
Kugasaki'll probably still get
there before me.
-What now?
-[tires screech]
[engine revs]
[URASAKA]
Oh, Shinohara. 'Sup?
Urasaka?
[engine revs]
[URASAKA] FYI, you can thank
Headmistress Ichinose,
or whoever it was that secured
the business permit for me.
[HIROTO] Fixing it so that
a motorcycle ride counts
as public transportation?
That woman is shrewd.
Anyway, I'm out.
Good luck, Shinohara.
-Right, thank you very much.
-[engine revs]
[SHIRAYUKI] Best estimates
would place the seventeen card
on the second or third floor.
[HIROTO]
Got it. [gasps]
Are you kidding me?
There's no way that's legal!
[sighs]
Just a little bit. Further.
[screams] Got it!
[excites]
[yells]
[cheers]
[SUZURAN]
Me-ow-wow!
Kugasaki takes another card
and is dominating right meow!
Things aren't looking good
for Shinohara,
who, with no mew cards, is just
a whisker away from catastrophe!
[gasps]
Himeji?
How long was I out?
If he's already collected
eighteen cards,
then this game's as good
as lost.
[groans]
No, it's too soon to give up.
I'm the only player using
Numerical Adjustment here.
I just need a third card
to turn this around.
[SARASA]
Not gonna happen, dummy.
The only thing you need
right now is a trip
to the Emergency Room.
[sighs]
You really think I'd stop now?
[HIROTO]
Not until I've found her.
She always came up
with ways of sneaking me out,
to show me
some bright new place.
And until I see her again.
Defeat is not an option.
Besides, this isn't just
about me, is it?
If I lose, your cover
as the kidnapped Heiress
is blown wide open.
You and I are in this together,
Saionji. Accomplices.
[sighs]
No matter what it takes,
I'll protect your lie.
[gasps]
That was not true.
[sighs]
That stuff about Sarasa
getting kidnapped?
-I made all of it up!
-Wait? What're you saying?
"I just want to go
to a normal school."
That was Sarasa's only wish.
So, I made it look like
she was kidnapped,
and took her to the mainland.
[HIROTO] You fooled the
Saionji's? All on your own?
[SARASA] That's right.
I am a genius, you know.
[HIROTO]
Yeah but, shouldn't you have
at least brought Himeji in--
You think
I didn't consider that?
Two years from now,
when Sarasa graduates,
the secret's gonna come out.
The least I could do was spare
Yuki from that mess.
You don't have to defend me!
You can just say this
entire thing was my fault,
and give up
before it's too late.
It was my lie
that got you into this.
You're just a victim.
Ah, now it all finally
makes sense.
[gasps]
You wanted to make
your friend's dream come true,
and you went against the Academy
and the Saionji's to do it.
Which is, at once,
both absolutely insane,
and extremely awesome.
Totally my type.
[shocks]
[SARASA]
What did you say?
[sighs]
I'm saying, let's keep this act
up for a little while longer,
okay?
-Shinohara.
-[SHIRAYUKI] Master!
[gasps]
[SHIRAYUKI]
Are you hurt?
Himeji, bring me
up to speed, quick.
Of course.
Thus far Mister Kugasaki
has collected sixteen cards.
Only two remain unclaimed,
but their location is yet
to be revealed.
In that case, it's all but
certain I'll end up with two.
-Right.
-Hmm
Then we need to find a way
to turn this game around.
Wait, hold on, does that mean
you're not giving up?
Each and every attempt
the Company has made
to help you has failed,
do you really still think you
have a chance of winning this?
[Both] Of course.
[SHIRAYUKI]
Master Shinohara.
Thank you for respecting
my wish.
I greatly appreciate it.
What do you mean
by "your wish," Yuki?
Oh, it's nothing to worry about,
Rina.
All right, I should start
brainstorming as well.
My master and best friend
want to win,
and what kind of maid would I be
if I didn't help them?
Your best friend?
I mean, shucks, Yuki.
-[HIROTO] Hey, Saionji.
-[SARASA] Huh?
[HIROTO]
Is there an ability
that lets you
change the rules of the game?
[SARASA] Sure. The most famous
example is Rule Breaker,
but it's only for people
ranked Six Stars or above.
Availability's irrelevant,
all that really matters
is that the ability exists.
[gasps]
Oh, my, you've come up
with something super devious,
haven't you?
Maybe, but to pull it off
I'm gonna need to update
the effects of Display Bug.
It might take all Company
resources to do that.
But. I'll make sure
it's taken care of.
In the end,
he's just a Five Star.
If I can't trick him,
I've got no business being here.
-[STUDENT 1] Wow!
-[STUDENT 2] Come on, boss!
-[STUDENT 3] You got this!
-[STUDENT 4] Finish him off!
[cheers]
You were able to dethrone
my beloved goddess,
so, naturally, I was expecting
great things from you.
But no amount of greatness
can help a two-card hand
win a three-point game.
What shall it be, Shinohara?
We can laboriously play out
this obvious defeat,
or you can simply yield.
[HIROTO]
Guess I have no choice.
[sighs]
And so, victory's mine!
[SUZURAN] Well! It would appear
there's nothing left
but for me to announce
the winner!
There you have it, folks!
The winner of the Self-Made
Twenty-Seven-Form Game is.
[SHIRAYUKI]
Time's up.
-Kugasa--
-Just a second, ref.
[chatter]
[HIROTO]
Hey, Kugasaki, do you know
what condition needs to be met
to end the game?
Are you mocking me
with that question?
It's quite clearly to win
during the reveal phase.
[chuckles]
That's the condition to win.
What I'm talking about
is the condition
that ends the game.
Well, if it's merely to bring
the game to an end.
Either both players
must run out of cards.
[HIROTO]
Please work.
[KUGASAKI] Or one side claims
more rounds and then wins.
Really now, stalling the
inevitable is so unbecoming.
-[beeps]
-[KAGAYA] Deus ex Kagaya!
Dude, you're seriously missing
my implication.
[sighs] I am?
[gasps]
Hey! What's going on?
The rule condition
is supposed to be
"if both sides run
out of their cards"!
[HIROTO] Maybe it was,
but that's not what it says now.
Either your memory's playing
tricks on you.
Or somebody's tweaked things
a little.
[KUGASAKI]
You duplicitous scumbag!
You used the Rule Breaker
ability, didn't you?
According to the current rules,
since I ran out of cards,
the reveal phase is now over.
The score's an even zero-zero.
Don't look so smug
you piece of trash!
All right! Let's start this
over again, shall we?
All right then, fresh start!
But with Emergency Mobilization
giving me an army,
the end result will be the same.
Oh, man,
you've really done it now.
-What are you talking about?
-Sorry, pal. I just won.
You what?
[KUGASAKI]
So, you still have a card left.
Too bad that
since I cast away mine,
it'll have zero bearing
on the score.
You used Rule Breaker to change
the rules, remember?
You really think I changed
the rules, huh?
-You must have imagined that.
-What do you mean, imagined it?
The only thing I changed was
the text that appears on screen
when you check
the end condition.
[groans]
No way! Then, the reveal phase.
Is actually not over yet.
So then, I choose.
Right, your turn.
Oh, wait,
you don't have any cards left.
[gasps]
There, see?
Exactly like I told you.
[sobs]
With that, the game is mine.
Dorkula.
[cheers]
-[sighs]
-[clears throat]
Outstanding victory,
Master Shinohara.
You were incredible. Truly.
[cheers]
[SARASA]
Shinohara! Idiot.
You're not supposed to sneak out
of your hospital room.
-Aw, come to check on me?
-As if!
That thick skull of yours
is gonna be fine.
I was just passing by
and remembered I had something
to say to you.
-Go on and say it.
-First of all, about your skill.
You've been downplaying
your capabilities.
I mean, just look
at your last game.
I honestly don't even know
if I could have won that.
-What else?
-[sighs]
"First of all" implies there's
something else, right?
[gasps]
The other thing is, like,
after I told you the real Sarasa
hadn't been kidnapped you
sorta changed.
You suddenly became
all motivated.
-Yeah, I guess I did, didn't I?
-So, um.
What was the meaning of
all that, anyway?
-All that "my type" stuff.
-Yeah, okay, got it.
Himeji says I'm good
to head home.
Oh, my bad.
Did you say something?
You know what? Nothing.
[both gasps]
-Hey, I'm still wounded.
-[SARASA] Yeah, right.
A wounded person lounging
around on the roof?
You have the devil's luck,
you know?
Seriously, your lie
didn't get out,
and you weren't kicked off
the island either.
I'm glad it all worked out.
[HIROTO] [chuckles] Hey,
luck has nothing to do with it.
I am the Seven Star,
don't forget.
[sighs]
Come on, a situation like that
was nothing for me.
Yeah, right. You big, fat liar.